# ALPHA 0.05.23 - Game Jolt, Pizzeria Update Bug Fixing and more!
August 28, 2021
---
Hey everyone! Glad you're back!

If you don't know what Minigame Investigator is, go check out [our FAQ page](../0.01/faq.md)!

These past weeks have been tiring. One of us is repairing their house, and everyone else is also helping out, so this update will not have too much content. This is mostly a bug fix to the last update.  Still, we have some exciting news!

We also have a Game Jolt page now! Hurray! All official announcements will be published here, in the Gamejolt page and in the FNaF reddit! The official gamejolt page can be found [here](https://gamejolt.com/games/minigameinvestigator/640300)!

Just remember that you will need an official copy of pokemon emerald before applying the modifications! The distributed files are all .ups and cannot be opened without applying them on top of the original program!

As we said before, this update by istelf is not a big deal. However, it enhances and fixes [last week's update](09-08-21.md), carrying over all of its features! You can download the latest build [here]((v0.05.23%20ALPHA)%20Five%20Nights%20at%20Freddys%20-%20The%20Minigame%20Investigator.ups)! Here's, as always, a list of the changes this week:

+ Bug Fixes
    - Fixed Purple Man following you, now he only runs away
    - Purple Man now talks, both upon entering the back room and right before getting springlocked
    - Fixed faulty collision in Miles' Room
    - Fixed a bug that crashed the game when trying to leave the FNaF 1 testing area
    - Fixed an oversight that prevented purple guy from running away in the south of the back room
    - Fixed a bug that prevented Shadow Freddy from despawning
+ Added the Pirate Cove (Foxy Go! Go! Go! on the way?)
+ Curtains were added

 There has been story development in the background, however! We're excited to show you what we've been working on, but that will have to wait.

_Or will it?_

And with that out of the way, we'll see you next time! Thank you for being awesome!

## DISCLAIMERS

Emulating games is not illegal. Making the games available without the consent of the publisher, however, is. That is why we do not make the .gba file available. However, and since  it's been almost 17 years since Pokemon Emerald was released, it's pretty easy to get yourself a copy of it.

 This version of the game is not transformative enough for us to feel at ease distributing it in full publically. That is why this version is merely a patch to the original game but not a .gba file. We will NOT distribute versions of the game that resemble the original game too much in gameplay in order to avoid copyright problems. All versions of the game until beta will only be available in .ups files. The final version will be available as a .gba and a .ups file.

In order to apply a patch, you must have a copy of the original game. If you have a physical copy of the game, extract the rom in order to have a safe backup before making any sort of changes. Then apply the patch.
The maps currently being worked on are not necessarily going to be included in the next patch. They will also not necessarily be accessible through normal means until the Beta versions are released. However, you may notice differences in graphics during normal gameplay. This is expected, since we are actively working on changing the visual of the tilesets. That is not only for copyright reasons but also to give the team more freedom over the visual look of the game. The Hoenn region will not be accessible in the final version so the visual tiles will not break anything integral to the core experience. 