# We need YOUR help! - Minigame Investigator
September 07, 2021
---

Hey everyone! Welcome back!

If you don't know what Minigame Investigator is, [please check our FAQ](https://minigameinvestigatordevlogs.blogspot.com/2021/04/FAQ.html) and our [GameJolt page](https://gamejolt.com/games/minigameinvestigator/640300).

In a nutshell, it is a recreation of the FNaF minigames with a new story added on top! You will be able to meet some classic FNaF characters such as Michael Afton, and piece together the lore, as you explore the various locations in the Five Nights at Freddy's universe, all in glorious 16-bits!
---

Now that might sound amazing. Hell, we wouldn't want to do any less than that. However, the development has been slow.

The main developer, JK, has been working as a part-time 3D modeler for [Five Nights at Lil T's](https://gamejolt.com/games/fivenightsatlilts/643334), another FNaF fangame in the works, set to be released in 2022, and some of our other developers will start school in a week.

That means that what little time we have to work on Minigame Investigator has to be used to its fullest potential. That hasn't been possible recently.
---
After the bug fix to the Pizzeria Update, we had the first set of minigames ready. It's now a proof of concept, enough to show others (and ourselves) that we can do this, but not enough to be a 15-minute experience.

We put all our thought into that, and we even wrote some dialogue for later parts in the game. We've been discussing mechanics and whatnot, what characters to design first, what should be put where... For example, the second in-game day is already completely planned!
---
Still, we are at a loss on what to do and when to do it.

Since Minigame Investigator is a mod, a rom hack, of Pokemon Emerald, we could make a title screen that doesn't say "Pokemon Emerald Edition", actually make a different beginning to the game instead of having Professor Birch introducing you to pokemon (which do not exist in the Minigame Investigator universe), and have the player settle in on their house!

...or we could make the tiles and characters for the FNaF 6 pizzeria, we could design Michael Afton and the Player, we could add mugshots that translate their expressions, we could make an original Purple Man sprite (what we have now is a modified policeman sprite from Pokemon Fire Red, and we do not intend on keeping it for long)!

There's a lot of things we can do, but the sheer number of possibilities makes us not know what we should focus on next.
---
[The gamejolt post we originally worte this in](https://gamejolt.com/p/we-need-your-help-fnaf-minigame-investigator-ecmkemuk) has a poll attatched. Vote on what should be worked on next! Both updates will have an original sprite for the player. Here are the options:

1. The Identity Update

If this one wins, the next update will add an original title screen and an original introductory dialogue. Other added features may include original dialogue boxes, original sprites for bystander citizens and the Foxy Go! Go! Go! minigame.

If the Identity Update wins, custom music for the introduction, the title screen and Miles' room will be worked on, but only implemented in the following update.

2. The Crazed Tycoon Update

If this one wins, the next update will add Michael Afton, Candy Cadet and a map for the FNaF 6 pizzeria. Other added features may include an original sprite for Purple Man in the minigames we already have, and a map for the back alley.

If the Crazed Tycoon Update wins, mugshots for the various characters will be worked on, but only implemented in the following update.
---
If you have any questions or concerns, or just want to say hi, comment on this post, or on [Minigame Investigator's Gamejolt page](https://gamejolt.com/games/minigameinvestigator/640300)! Other than that, thank you for being awesome, and we'll see you next time!
